# Single chain nanoparticles

This repository contains the data for the molecular dynamics simulations in XXX publication.

Parameters were generated by the [Automated Topology Builder](https://atb.uq.edu.au/) : Malde AK, Zuo L, Breeze M, Stroet M, Poger D, Nair PC, Oostenbrink C, Mark AE.
An Automated force field Topology Builder (ATB) and repository: version 1.0.
J. Chem. Theory Comput., 2011, 7, 4026-4037. DOI:10.1021/ct200196m


All material is provided under an MIT license. Please cite the above references if you use this material in published work.

## Files

* `mdps/`: MDP files used for simulation
  * `steep.mdp`: used for minimization
  * `nvt.mdp`: first stage equilibration in NVT ensemble
  * `npt.mdp`: second stage equilibration in NPT ensemble
  * `prod.mdp`: production simulation

The below folders contain simulation data. Each directory contains:
* the compiled TPR files for the production simulation of each run
* the `.top` topology file and custom `.itp` parameter files. The topology file reference a `gromos54a7_atb.ff` force field. This is the force field produced by the [Automated Topology Builder](https://atb.uq.edu.au/). Please download the force field directly from the ATB. If the force field has been updated, the version used in this publication can be provided on request.
* `start.gro`: This is the initial system coordinates when the production simulation starts
* `end.gro`: This is the final system coordinates when the production simulation ends. This is 520 ns after `start.gro`. The first 20 ns of each production simulation was discarded as further equilibration. Analysis was performed on the last 500 ns.

The below folders contain simulation data:
* `polymer_templates/`: simulations of backbone structures used to guide design of nanoparticle chain co-polymers, with the following structures:
  * `block`
  * `statistical`
  * `periodic`
* `full_polymer`: simulations of the full single-chain nanoparticle
  * `free`: the nanoparticle by itself in solvent
  * `oleic`: the nanoparticle with five molecules of oleic acid
  * `oxoleic`: the nanoparticle with five molecules of hydroxystearic acid (oxidised oleic acid)